Your Majesty's move to drive away tigers and wolves is really high
Education focuses on balance
Right now, the Lees family is the only way out
Now King Li Sijin is a tripartite
If you resist the strong force, you will become
While waiting for the play
My father has always been on his own
Never join with others
Ouch, then I want to love the concubine, please help me.
I'm not going to help you, this fool
Then I can only do it myself
His Majesty King Jing's ambitions have been seen in the throne for a long time
You just let it go.
King Jin usurping the throne is a plan of the immortal world
Li Si's rebellion is a lot of confidants
You are so sure to deal with King Jing
I don't need to deal with him.
Li Si will help the minister deal with King Jing
This is fine.
What are you gonna do?
How to deal with Li Si
ChengCheng
Junes banned all three positions
Is he crazy?
Humph, for a woman to raise a tiger
It's useless
What kind of woman has such great charm?
What is life
That is the woman of the late emperor
Mixed in so much color
Is it so bad?
Just use this excuse
Abolish what the prime minister said in time
What about the King of Jin?
Collect evidence against King Jin
Find someone to talk about peace